VoxCommunis: A Corpus for Cross-linguistic Phonetic Analysis
https://aclanthology.org/2022.lrec-1.566.pdf
https://osf.io/t957v/wiki/home/

The first four formant values were extracted from each aligned vowel quartile using the Linear Predictive Coding (Burg method) algorithm implemented in Praat (Boersma and Weenink, 2019). For each formant, values at 10 ms before and after the midpoint were also extracted, for increased accuracy in analysis (see Section 5.1). All formant values were extracted under both “high” and “low” frequency settings. Specifically, the tracker searched for five formants with a ceiling of 5500 Hz in the “high” setting, and a ceiling of 5000 Hz in the “low” setting. These are the recommended ceilings for typical female and male speech, respectively. Since only a small portion of the corpus had gender labels, we performed a simple classification algorithm to assign each speaker in the entire corpus to either the high or low setting. Using a subset of 1200 gender-labeled speakers across 11 languages, we fit two bivariate Gaussians: one distribution over average F1 and F2 values at the high formant tracking setting for speakers labeled as “female”, and one distribution over average F1 and F2 values at the low formant tracking setting for speakers labeled as “male”. Each speaker was classified as matching either the high or low setting depending on which of the two trained distributions their average (F1, F2) values were closer to. Distance was quantified using the Mahalanobis metric. We release both “high” and “low” sets of extracted formants over all speakers and utterances, but employ this heuristic for the case study data in Section 5.