32

> and It is shown

and it is shown

40

> An acoustic ASR

there’s another kind???

47

> **on a scale ranging 0-2 as shown in Figure 5.1.1** 

is the boldface intentional for _all_ of this?

47

> this arabic speech corpus 

this Arabic speech corpus 

48

> Arabic is a language with a well-defined alphabet and a one-to-one mapping between characters and phonemes 

It’s my understanding that this is only true when diacritics are present, which is worth mentioning in parentheses (if I’m right, that is).

48

> we utilized The later pre-trained 

we utilized the later pre-trained 

I’m not sure how necessary the word “later” is.

49

> 64-dimensional respectively 

64-dimensional features respectively 

(not entirely necessary, just looks a little better)

49

> 24-dimensional space using.  
Either finish the sentence, or delete “using”.

52-53

> As using

As with using

53

> Our proposed augmentation method improves 3% 

Our proposed augmentation method improves in PCC by 3% 

53-54

> using only phoneme-level information only 

is one of those instances of “only” redundant? If not, maybe use a different word to make it clear.

54

> other augmentations works \[16\] work has 

other augmentations work \[16\] has 

54

> its intend meanings. 

its intended meanings. 

54

> we focus our anal- ysis 

we focus our analysis 

55

> The data was split based on the speaker IDs, resulting in the distribution in Table **??**. 

The table that immediately follows is missing a caption, so probably also a lable, hence the ‘??’

56

> divided equally to 

divided equally into 


57

> **Flutter** 3. 

You seem to have a space between “Flutter” and \footnote

57

> score with red means very poor 

score with red meaning very poor 

> The feedback view also presented the transliteration 

The feedback view also presents the transliteration 

(Stick to present tense)