<p style="text-align:justify;margin:0"><b>4.1 language change</b>. Finn-Ugric….difference between proximity (physical) and same cognate.
- Induce a set of phonetic transformation rules between sibling languages, based on cognates, perhaps with statistical weighting
	- fő → pää :: <f> → <p> is productive, <ő> → <ää> less so (but both represent single long vowels, so the mapping is at least valid)
- Induce pairs of rules for sound changes from the common ancestor, compare with the direct mappings.
<b>4.2 Seeing speech</b>. Computer assisted language training segment: generating a mid-saggital diagram based on speech.
- Extract keypoints (perhaps using  code accompanying <a href="https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-58103-6" rel="noopener" class="external-link" target="_blank"><u>https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-58103-6</u></a>)
- Fine-tune a speech recognition system to output a vector of keypoints (possible data from <a href="https://seeingspeech.ac.uk/" rel="noopener" class="external-link" target="_blank"><u>https://seeingspeech.ac.uk/</u></a>)
- Animate a mid-saggital diagram (how?)
</p>


Computer-assisted pronunciation training tools often include a mid-saggital diagram, which allows the learner to know how their mouth should be configured: where the tongue should be placed, etc.

These are often static images, however, which only gives a part of the picture. Projects such as Seeing Speech have MRI recordings of various sounds as they are spoken, which shows how, e.g., the tongue moves throughout the sound.

The aim of this project is to learn to predict the key points to control an animated mid-saggital section, conditioned on the audio, to give live feedback to the user, showing them what sounds they are producing, so they can make a visual comparison with what they ought to be saying.

— Talk to Ule


Sound changes within a language family

Many of the major differences within a language family are the result of sound changes, which is often reflected within the orthography.

The Finno-Ugric language family in particular is a family that exists solely as the result of investigation into sound change: there are so few true cognates between, e.g., Hungarian and Finnish that the relationship was obscured, but when sound changes are factored in, the relationship becomes visible.

Sounds change in multiple ways, and reflect multiple influences (loan words will reflect a different set of sound changes than languages from a parent), so it is not fully predictable. Access to broader context, such as using a language model, might offer cues to which sound change rules to apply.