# Feedback 2

which are arranged in layers and operate in a manner similar to biological neurons 3.2.1. 

^ This points to the wrong place: figure 3.2.1 compares phones with triphones (maybe 2.2.2 ?); also, it should be in parentheses with some indication of what you’re pointing to: neurons (see figure 3.2.1).

For example, if we have a training corpus with the following bigrams: ”the cat,” ”the dog,” ”a cat,” and ”a dog,” we can estimate the probability of ”cat” given ”the” as 23 and the probability of ”dog” given ”the” as 13 . 

^ (p. 19) Left quotation marks in LaTeX are made using backticks: ``

For example, consider the word ”cup”. The pronunciation of the letter ”c” can vary depending on the letters that come before and after it. If the word is ”cup”, the ”c” sound is pronounced differently than if the word is ”cop”. Triphone modeling takes this context into account by representing the ”c” sound in ”cup” as a different triphone than the ”c” sound in ”copc”. 

^ A better example is the difference between the “c” in “cope” (\[kʰ\]) and the “c” in “scope” (\[k\]). While there are minor differences that may potentially be observed between the “c” sounds in “cop” and “cup”, they are minute and not likely to be present after conversion to MFCC — you’ll mostly likely have as much variation saying one of those words twice. The difference would be much more apparent in the vowels that follow “c” (which will be different as a result of velar pinch, but that’s not really relevant) than after another consonant type, such as “s” or “t”.

(Broadly speaking, the text is good; the examples just aren’t the best choices).